Scary Glyphs & Nice Characters

Description:
---
A font inspired by Skrillex logo. Skrillex is a stage name of Sonny Moore, an electronic music artist who is famous for his dubstep releases, especially his EP called "Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites". 

Enjoy. 

A message for everyone: 
---
If you're about to type "Skrillex" only, I recommend you making or downloading a perfect vector trace of the original logotype OR just hit "&", if you decide to use my font for your design. I often see Skrillex's logo adaptations made using this font and... I don't know why, but people somehow screw it up almost everytime. 

Changelog: 

2.06.2011
- created on FontStruct (a great, free, online tool and community that I recommend mostly for beginners, but everyone's welcome - http://fontstruct.com)

18.10.2011
- numerals added

20.7.2012
- changed the name, removed "(Skrillex font" part
- added the following characters: "!", "?", "-", "_", ",", ".", "$".

22.7.2012
- lengthened "J", so it looks a bit more like "J"
- redone in FontLab Studio with kerning, better spacing and some other, minor or major improvements. 

Also: 
---
Cheers to all Skrillex and dubstep fans over the world! Feel free to use this font commercially or non-commercially and, most of all, have a nice day. 

Make sure to check out my other fonts!
http://www.dafont.com/neoqueto.d2449
http://fontstruct.com/fontstructors/neoqueto

Maybe a PayPal donation?: 
neoqueto@o2.pl

Contact address: 
neoqueto@o2.pl or neoqueto@derpymail.com. 

Disclaimer: 
---
I do not own any rights to Skrillex brand and/or any of trademarks related to it. I am not taking any responsibility for legal issues resulting from usage of this font. The font itself is not 100% accurate with "Skrillex" logotype. If you are the owner of the rights to the brand, you can complain by sending an e-mail to me on address: neoqueto@o2.pl.

By using this font, you agree to terms and conditions described in the license (license.txt). If you want to redistribute or share this font, please include all the files from the archive, not only the .ttf file.

~Neoqueto